Food Tube, everyone, everyone.
I am Jamie Oliver.
Today we are going to open a stove in Australia.
Look at the Sydney Opera House behind me.
Nothing is better than this!
We want to make simple, delicious BBQ crispy prawns today.
Add some delicious garlic bread and smoked bacon
And the people who want to do with us are not yours.
Tobie Puttock
Tell us about this to be done later.
I feel that if you are not doing this dish in front of the opera house today,
It seems that I can’t say it, isn’t it?
We are in Australia...
Yes, I can’t say a bit.
First, let's take some rosemary branches.
We want to use them to make forks
Use the rosemary stem to make a fork to increase the aroma
We love it very much.
Remember when we made this dish
It seems that the scallops and the prawn are on the rosemary.
Once I didn't have scallops, so I switched to crispy Italian bread.
Then push it to the end like this.
Now we are using prawns,
But in fact you can use other things like
Scallops, squid, and white fish grilled with your shellfish
When we start to bake this, the oil will melt and be absorbed by the bread.
Add flavor to your dishes
It’s a bit like a super garlic bread enhanced version, right
Come again, I have some cold pressed olive oil here.
Or virgin olive oil, you can put a chopped garlic inside.
Salt and pepper
Then there are some rosemary that I just folded in half.
Take them as brushes
Before I started recording,
I heated these up a little, um... about 2~3 minutes.
Just let the olive oil not be cold.
Of course, let the taste of garlic into the oil to taste
And the aroma of rosemary will be
We went into our food when we started baking.
I want to put this in the middle of the shrimp now.
Hey... can I steal a little of your oil? Can you use it?
I don't think we need to do too much seasoning, need it, Toby?
Um... our oil is already seasoned.
OK
of course,
Can we add some materials later and put them in directly? Correct
Simultaneously,
I have a lemon that has just been roasted slightly here.
Everyone knows the taste of lemon
But many people don't know or ignore
Sugar in the lemon
Is the part that will be caramelized when you roast the lemon
This will change its taste composition
Will become softer and of course sweeter
You make it a bit focus
awesome!
Let it slowly mature
I think we can turn over, I guess.
I usually pick it up from the side and let the head of the shrimp head to the other side.
Then... look at it
beautiful! It looks great, isn't it?
When I am here, I am going to the table.
I will use some fresh lemons.
Be careful when you do this.
Because lemon juice will become very hot when grilled
I will squeeze some up.
Squeeze some on the skewer before going to the table
A bit like jam, right?
Cool, right?
This will be delicious, brother
It will be delicious
I think it is great now.
And its color is also very beautiful
What awesome, Toby.
You can also look at this rosemary,
In fact, we can already eat.
Can you sprinkle a little more on it?
It’s delicious, oh, ok.
Add it to cover it
Some delicious lemons at home
If you want, you can add a little bit of this olive oil.
Also added to the top
Pretty
Cool?
Finished, everyone. Super simple
You just put it on the barbecue
Then it’s done
If you want to pay attention to Toby’s channel,
Please click on the link below
Please subscribe, please, please.
You can ask him questions, he will return you
Use him like me, abuse him
come on
Eat a little?
Okay
I want to eat the above
I want to take this big one.
Oh my God
Rosemary with seafood
Was completely underestimated before
They are a natural pair.
awesome
very delicious
We are at the Sydney Opera House
Take care
If you like this recipe, give me a "like"
Try to do it.
Have fun, we will see you next time, take care